\section{Weak lensing}
\label{sec:wl}

{\it B) Weak lensing: Intrinsic alignment studies, exquisite-seeing data
for morphology templates, etc.}

\subsection{Galaxy morphologies}

After some discussion, we conclude that our report doesn't have to say anything about calibrations
of galaxy morphology and ellipticity distributions, because we will get what we need either from
LSST data itself or from HST.  (For longer discussion of why this is the case, see the version of
this document in commit b29e99f64e6633218f3316092b6d6fdb38f6d209.)

\subsection{Intrinsic alignments}

Intrinsic alignments (IA) of galaxy shapes with the cosmic web are a contaminant to weak lensing
measurements, since WL measurements assume that all coherent alignments are due to lensing. IA have
been robustly detected out to hundred Mpc scales, making them a serious theoretical uncertainty for
WL cosmology.  ({\em Should probably elaborate slightly about density-shape and shape-shape
  correlations, and how the former cannot be removed by just omitting nearby pairs.  But I am lazy
  and will fill this in later.}) Several methods have been developed for mitigating this systematic,
including nulling (which loses a lot of cosmological information and leads to stringent constraints
on photo-$z$ errors), forward modeling (which uses galaxy clustering, galaxy-shear, and shear-shear
correlations measurements, and involves marginalizing over a model for how the alignments enter
those measurements), and self-calibration (which does not require an {\em a priori} alignments
model, but has certain assumptions that have not yet been validated in realistic measurements).

Current data, primarily from the SDSS, provide us a template for how intrinsic alignments scale with
galaxy type, luminosity, and redshift for $z\lesssim 0.5$.  However, we need this information for
galaxies at higher redshifts, and we need better constraints on the alignments of blue galaxies, in
order to place reasonable priors when carrying out the WL analysis with LSST. Generally, this
requires both good imaging and redshift information, in order to better localize the galaxy pairs in
3D.

Question: why not use LSST itself?  Will the lSST data itself (despite photo-$z$ errors) ultimately
be the most informative dataset about IA, and perhaps we don't need strong external priors?  I think
the answer to this is that since IA are degenerate with other things (photo-$z$ errors and certain
shear systematics) it is still valuable to have {\em external} priors so this doesn't become a
limiting uncertainty for LSST WL.

Question: what type of data do we need for this?  In principle, we need a spectroscopic dataset that
covers decent-sized contiguous areas (so as to constrain alignments to tens of Mpc) but also has a
decent sampling rate within these fields (to beat down shape noise).  This seems somewhat orthogonal
to a ``many small fields to beat down cosmic variance'' approach that one might want for
spectroscopic observations to constrain photo-$z$ errors, but perhaps a compromise could be
reached.  {\em We need to make a strawman for area, sampling rate, and selection - what kinds of
  galaxies we care about.}

Question: can we use cross-correlations?  Perhaps we could use a more sparse sampling of the density
field over a wider area, and constrain IA using cross-correlations with the spectroscopic galaxies
instead of the auto-correlations of them (using a method like that from Blazek et al 2012 or Chisari
et al 2014).  {\em How to define the needed dataset for this?  Have to think about it.}
